Add Mod Mmm PCB (#23836)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/dcpedit/modmmm/readme.md

# Mod Mmm

> ![Mod Mmm](https://i.imgur.com/oMP5RlJ.jpeg)
> ![Mod Mmm Ortholinear](https://i.imgur.com/g60BMQH.jpeg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Mod Mmm](https://i.imgur.com/oMP5RlJ.jpeg)
_Standard_
![Mod Mmm Ortholinear](https://i.imgur.com/g60BMQH.jpeg)
_Ortho_
```

# Mod Mmm

![Mod Mmm](https://i.imgur.com/oMP5RlJ.jpeg)
_Standard_
![Mod Mmm Ortholinear](https://i.imgur.com/g60BMQH.jpeg)
_Ortho_

Replacement PCB for the IBM Model M keyboard.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [dcpedit](https://github.com/dcpedit)

> * Hardware Supported: Blackpill STM32F411

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardware Supported: Blackpill STM32F411 development board, Standard/Ortho Mod Mmm PCB
```

* Hardware Availability: https://github.com/dcpedit/mod-mmm

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make dcpedit/mod-mmm/standard:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make dcpedit/mod-mmm/standard:default:flash
>     
> For the ortholinear PCB, use the following commands to build and flash:
> 
>     make dcpedit/mod-mmm/ortho:default
>     make dcpedit/mod-mmm/ortho:default:flash
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make dcpedit/modmmm/standard:default
    make dcpedit/modmmm/ortho:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make dcpedit/modmmm/standard:default:flash
    make dcpedit/modmmm/ortho:default:flash
```
